Not every student admitted to the Ivy League is an Olympiad gold medalist, nor a perfectly well-rounded overachiever. In fact, candidates with such elite credentials make up less than 10% of all admits. Yet almost every Chinese student who gets into an Ivy belongs to this tiny 10% group. Then the question arises: how do the other 90% get accepted? Let’s even set aside another 10% for students admitted through athletic, artistic and other special pathways—how do the remaining 80% make it in? They don’t get in with math Olympiad medals or a flawless resume.

I know I can never compare myself to those who start planning for Ivy admission back in elementary school. But how could a child possibly decide definitively which college they want to attend, or map out their entire life path at such a young age? It’s simply impossible. So is getting into an Ivy truly their genuine dream? Probably not. People tailor the version of themselves they show to these schools based on how they perceive the Ivies. But everyone’s vision is one-sided and limited. No one can see the full picture of a university; everything we see about a school is just a reflection of ourselves.

I dare to think that most of these students never truly understand the essence and the founding meaning of the Ivy League. They simply rush their children, or rush themselves, into these schools chasing fame, wealth and status, blindly stepping into a place they have no idea whether they truly want to be in.

That’s where I believe I still have a fighting chance. I don’t regard Ivy schools as the only path to success, nor do I see them as some lofty, untouchable sanctuary. I just feel my inner self sincerely, present my true self openly, and long for a platform where people can understand the real me—that’s all.

I think getting into these top schools doesn’t rely on piles of impressive credentials above everything else; it only requires you to be authentic to yourself.

I am not rejecting hard work itself. What I question is the scripted, prearranged hard work planned for you step by step. I am not saying Ivy League schools are worthless. What I want to say is this: If you lose sight of who you truly are, no Ivy school can save you. But if you know your own identity clearly, an Ivy acceptance is just one option in life, never your whole world.

Original Chinese Text
藤校录取的那么多人里面 不是每个人都是奥数金牌 也不是每个人都是六边形战士甚至这些拥有这些的人只是里面的不到10%吧 只是中国能考上藤校的似乎都是这10%内的人 那么问题来了 剩下90%的人是怎么进去的呢 好吧 就算把那些体育艺术或者是其他渠道进去的人在刨除10% 剩下的80%是怎么进去的呢 并不是因为他们有一个奥数金牌 或者是一个完美无瑕的简历 我或许确实不能和那些从小学就开始准备考藤校的人比较 但是问题来了一个人怎么能在他小学的时候就明确他到底想上哪个大学 他人生该走哪条路呢 显是做不到的 那么上藤校 又真的是他们的梦想吗 不一定吧 他们怎么看待藤校 就会在藤校面前展现出对应的自己 可是每个人的目光都是片面的 他们看不到一个学校的全貌 甚至他们看到的有关这个学校的一切 都是通过自身折射出来的 那我是不是可以大胆地认为其实这些人根本没有明白所谓藤校的真谛 藤校所存在的意义 而只是为了功名利禄 就急急忙忙地想把自己的孩子送去这个学校里面 或者说孩子就急急忙忙的把自己推进了一个自己根本不知道自己想不想去的地方 所以我觉得我还有一拼之力的地方在于 我不认为那是一个可以让我成功的地方 我也不认为那个地方有多么的高高在上 我只是在用心的感受自己 把自己真实的展现在他们面前 想去一个大家都看得懂我的平台 仅此而已 我觉得得上这些学校或许真的不需要那么多的优秀履历 仅仅需要把自己做好就行了 我不是在否定努力 我是在质疑 被规划的努力 我不是在说藤校不重要 我是在说 如果你连自己是谁都不知道 藤校也救不了你 而如果你知道自己是谁 藤校只是一个选项 不是你的全部

