I had an English teacher in junior high school. I became the center of attention when I first entered the school just because I was good-looking. When this teacher met me for the first time, she said in an exaggerated tone, "Oh, we have a stunning beauty in our class!"

However, I was in a terrible state during those junior high years, so I often felt sleepy in her classes. She had paid close attention to me from the very beginning, and this made her focus on me even more—she would call me up to stand every single time. Later, she said that I was extremely lazy in my studies.

Many things happened after that, which I can barely remember now. But one thing I do recall clearly is that she called me over during a long break and asked me if I planned to marry a rich man directly in the future.

After that, I hardly ever listened to her classes again. Yet every time I just lowered my head slightly, she would call me out and accuse me of sleeping.

Then one day during a break, the two top students in English in the class gathered around her to ask how to write more beautifully. Suddenly, I felt the urge to join them, so I went over and asked, "Teacher, how can I improve my handwriting?" She basically told me not to focus on such things, to improve my grades first, and that these were not what I should care about at that moment.

After that, I simply stopped doing her homework altogether. She asked me if my family was extremely wealthy. Actually, my family was just okay, but I said no. She then asked, "Then why are you acting like this?"

Later, she stared at me in every class. My rebelliousness flared up, and I directly went against her. Once, I even made a sentence on purpose to mock her for being ugly. She immediately went to tell my head teacher about it.

My head teacher was really nice to me and a kind person. He said that this English teacher was someone he respected greatly and asked me to treat her well. I didn't want to put him in an awkward position, so I never targeted her again.

Later, I hated the school food so much that I went home for lunch every day. My classmates told me that this teacher still talked about me behind my back at noon.

Then, in the ninth grade, I sat next to the most handsome boy in the class, the one everyone agreed was the best-looking, as my deskmate. As soon as she walked into the classroom and saw our seats, she started saying that we were a perfect match.

One noon, I arrived late, and the first class in the afternoon was hers. Coincidentally, my Chinese teacher had made a cup of coffee and given it to me that day through a lottery draw. This English teacher clicked her tongue and said that I was so lucky—having a handsome boy beside me and someone giving me coffee. She also said in front of the whole class that we were a perfect match, even with exactly the same sitting posture.

Actually, there was another thing when I first entered the school in the seventh grade. I can't remember why, but she punished me to copy English words so many times that it was almost impossible to finish. I was very sleepy at that time, but I didn't take a noon break. I stubbornly finished copying all of them, which shocked the English class representative.

I want to say all these things, but that's not all I want to say.

I also want to say that I accidentally fell asleep in politics class in the seventh grade and didn't finish taking notes. After class, I asked the politics teacher for the courseware, but she refused. I was too embarrassed to ask my classmates for notes because their eyes were always on me.

I also want to say that my math teacher stopped me at the door and told me that I was at the bottom of the class in math and needed to pay more attention.

I also want to say that those shocked or teasing looks from my classmates never stopped for three years, and none of them ever lent me a helping hand.

I also want to say that my Chinese teacher read the essay I wrote with all my heart and just said that exam essays don't need to be completely true. When she read out my essay score in class, it was very high, which was inconsistent with the impression I had left on everyone. The whole class was in an uproar, but she just said calmly that my handwriting was nice and earned me extra points.

I also want to say that I couldn't understand anything my physics teacher taught. She couldn't even sort out her own logic—how could she be qualified to be a teacher?

I also want to say that when my PE teacher asked everyone in confusion why they thought my grades were bad, all the classmates laughed.

I also want to say that during the sprint for the high school entrance examination, my history teacher asked me how I dared not listen carefully and do homework under the desk with such grades.

I also want to say that my chemistry teacher said in front of all parents at the class meeting that I often asked her questions after class, but my scores just hadn't improved. In fact, I only asked her twice. Maybe she meant it as a compliment.

My math teacher, who was also my head teacher, guided me again and again in a clumsy and sincere way, though it didn't help much. When my grades improved a little, he would ask the whole class to applaud for me, which only made me feel more ashamed.

My geography teacher told me that it was okay to sleep for a while when I was tired while playing a documentary.

My biology teacher, who barely knew me, praised my hairband while explaining problems to me.

But it seems that all these kind acts were still too insignificant.

The jealousy and slander from the girls, the harassment and contempt from the boys—I want to say all these too.

I will never help others bully myself anymore.

I forgive you. I forgive you for your poor grades.

Sorry, I may not be able to listen to the lecture before bed. I've been crying all the time.

I finally realize that the person I have been letting down all along is myself. I shouldn't have treated myself like this.

Back then, besides family issues, she was bearing so much more.

I remember now. At the beginning of the seventh grade, I stayed up late just to make up for the knowledge I missed in class.

I remember now. In the eighth grade, when I couldn't understand physics, I stayed up until 2 a.m., so sleepy that I could barely keep my eyes open, but I still wanted to make up for what I didn't learn in class.

I remember now. For those three years, I was the only one who stayed with myself.

我初中有一个英语老师 因为我入校的时候长得好看成为焦点 
这个老师见我第一面也是用很夸张的语气说哦我们班有一个大美女 然后呢 我初中那段时间状态很差 所以她的课上就有些困 
她一开始就很关注我这样就更关注我了每次都把我点起来站着 后来她说 我学习惰性特别强 然后后来又发生了很多事情 我都记不清了 
记得一个大课间她把我叫过去 她问我 是不是以后打算找个富豪直接嫁了 后来她的课我基本就从没听过 但是我每次只是略微低一点头 她就会点我起来说我睡觉 
然后呢 有一个课间 英语成绩最好的那两个学生 围着她问字要怎么写才能更漂亮 我忽然也有了些性质就也凑过去问 老师我的字应该怎么改进 
她大概意思是 让我不要关注这些把成绩提上来这些不是我现在该注意的 后来我干脆连她的作业都不做 她问我家里面是不是特别有钱的那种 其实我们家还行 
但是我说不是 她说那你为什么这样 后来她又节节课盯着我 我叛逆心起直接跟她对着干 有一次专门造句嘲讽她丑 然后她转头就告诉了我的班主任 
我的班主任对我不错人也挺好 他就说 这个老师是他很敬重的老师让我好好对她 我不愿意让班主任为难 所以就再也没有针对过这个老师  
后来我嫌学校的饭太难吃中午都是回家吃饭 听同学说这个老师还在中午的时候拿这件事情说事 然后呢 初三的时候我和班里面长得最帅的男生公认最帅的男生坐在一起 
变成了同桌 她一进班看到这个座位 就开始说 我们两个太配了 然后有一个中午我来迟了刚好下午第一节是她的课 刚好那天语文老师做了一杯咖啡送我就是抽签抽到送我 
这个英语老师就啧啧地说 我太有福气了旁边有帅哥还有人给我送咖啡喝 她还在课上又当着全班说我们太配了 连坐姿都是完全一样的 
其实初一刚进校的时候还有一件事情就是我记不得为什么 反正她罚抄了我很多很多遍几乎不可能抄完的英语单词 我当时很困 但是中午没有午休 我就堵着气 
把所有的全部都抄完了 当时英语课代表都惊呆了

我想说这些但我不只想说这些 我还想说 当时我初一的时候政治课不小心睡着了没有记完笔记 下课之后我找政治老师要课件她不给 
当时不好意思找同学要笔记因为他们的目光一直在我身上 我还想说 当时被数学老师堵在门外告诉我我的数学成绩垫底让我好好注意一下 
我还想说 那些同学或震惊或戏谑的目光 三年从未停止 他们也从未伸出援手 我还想说 我的语文老师 读了我用真心写出来的作文只是说应试作文不需要全部真实 
她在全班念作文成绩的时候 我的分数很高 与我当时产生的形象不符当时班里面哗然一片 她只是淡淡地说 我的字不错比较加分 
我还想说 我的物理老师讲的东西根本听不懂她自己逻辑都没理清凭什么当老师 我还想说 当体育老师疑惑地问大家难道我的成绩不好吗的时候 同学们都笑了 
我还想说 历史老师在冲刺的时候 问我这个成绩为什么还敢不好好听课在下面做作业 
我还想说 化学老师在班级会议上当着所有家长的面说我课后经常找她问问题只是分数没提上来 其实就问过两次其实她可能是想夸奖我 
我的数学老师也是我的班主任 他在用笨拙真诚的方式 一次次的引导 虽然没有什么用 在我成绩有起色的时候 他就会让全班给我鼓掌 虽然只会让我更加羞耻 
我的地理老师在放纪录片的时候会告诉我没事困就睡一会儿 我的生物老师会在跟我不熟的情况下一边跟我讲题一边夸我的发带好看 只是似乎这些好还是太渺小了些 
女生的嫉妒和诽谤 男生的调戏和轻蔑 我还想说 我不会再帮着别人欺负我自己了 我原谅你了 我原谅你成绩差了 不好意思 睡前可能听不了课了我一直在哭 
我原来一直对不起的人是我自己 我不该这么对我自己的 她当时明明除了家庭 还承担了那么多 我想起来了 初一一开始我熬夜 是想把课上没听到的知识补回来 
我想起来了 初二的时候 物理听不懂 我熬到2:00困得要死我也想把课上没听到的补回来 想起来了 这三年是我一直在陪我自己

